User/kbilardello/privacy whitepaper updates (#2398)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

Safe search adds a safe keyword to the header request to search engines. Bing reads the safe keyword and filters search results returned to the child. Other search engines may return filtered results due to the keyword. All of the child's searches are collected and made available for the family organizer to view in activity reports or at [family.microsoft.com](https://account.microsoft.com/family). The data is collected with the child's Microsoft account so it may be properly managed.

> The child account’s health status is also monitored.  When a child needs to take action to log back into their account, such as when a password has changed or expired, their parent is informed.  This data is collected, encrypted in transit, and sent to Microsoft and stored on secure Microsoft storage servers. The account health status is stored on [family.microsoft.com](https://account.microsoft.com/family) for up to 30 days and then deleted after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The child account's health status is also monitored.  When a child needs to take action to log back into their account, such as when a password has changed or expired, their parent is informed.  This data is collected, encrypted in transit, and sent to Microsoft and stored on secure Microsoft storage servers. The account health status is stored on [family.microsoft.com](https://account.microsoft.com/family) for up to 30 days and then deleted afterwards.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#apostrophes-and-quotation-marks

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Import browser data

Microsoft Edge offers an interactive and seamless experience when you launch the browser for the first time. You can import your browser data to Microsoft Edge from another browser. The data includes your favorites, browsing history, cookies, autofill data, extensions, settings, and other browsing data.

With your confirmation, Microsoft Edge imports browser data from other browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Internet Explorer. Microsoft Edge imports data from your most used browser as defined by your operating system. Importing your data is completed locally on your device, and is stored locally, and is not sent to Microsoft unless you sign in and sync your browsing data.

> You can manage your import preferences any time from `edge://settings/profiles/importBrowsingData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage your import preferences any time from `edge://settings/profiles/importBrowsingData`.
```
other examples have a period here

> ![Import.](./media/migration.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Import](./media/migration.png)
```
this repo is moving away from period in alt-text, for simplicity.
Longer alt text?

GitHub's rendered view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/kbilardello/privacy-whitepaper-updates/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md#import-browser-data

Reviewer: @captainbrosset  -  pls commit my Suggested Change comment

> ![Import.](./media/migration.png)

Reviewer: is the name "Trevor Philips" approved?  Replace it by white block to erase it?

About the list of approved names: check:

internal version of Docs Contributor Guide
corp style guide

Smaller public versions of those:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/

Reviewer: @captainbrosset - pls check whether "Trevor Philips" is in the Approved Names database.  If not, please blank it out, or do another fix:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/raw/user/kbilardello/privacy-whitepaper-updates/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/media/migration.png

Reviewer: instead of manually using the above png, I created PR into the present PR.  So this thread can be Resolved.

> ![Import.](./media/migration.png)

Reviewer: The provided .png is not the UI that results from going to edge://settings/profiles/importBrowsingData - maybe show the initial UI screenshot:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45407486/211680880-6391b0ad-4995-4f55-bc3e-4544a4b3c4c6.png)

Maybe the existing png needs an intro: how do you make it appear?  I haven't found that yet.  I clicked an Import button but that didn't show the provided .png (migration.png).

Case-by-case decide how much UI to show.  Adds clarity (up to a point) and adds maint. overhead.

Reviewer: @captainbrosset - pls Resolve this comment

Microsoft Edge asks you if you want to store your payment information if payment autofill is turned on. The information is encrypted locally on your device. To manage payment information, go to `edge://settings/payments`.  When you delete saved payment information, it no longer appears as an autofill suggestion.

> Microsoft Edge also supports saving your payment information to your Microsoft account if you are signed in and syncing, which makes the information available across devices. To save payment information to your Microsoft account, CVV may be required depending on your current region. CVV is only used for authorization and will not be stored by Microsoft. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge also supports saving your payment information to your Microsoft account if you are signed in and syncing, which makes the information available across devices. To save payment information to your Microsoft account, credit card verification (CVV) may be required, depending on your current region. CVV is only used for authorization and will not be stored by Microsoft. 
```
expand acronym the 1st time it's used in an article or in an h2 section

To help resolve URL typos in the address bar that result in a website error, Microsoft Edge may recommend a corrected URL.  When a website navigation error occurs, Microsoft Edge sends the domain of the web address to the Microsoft service to suggest a corrected URL.  Microsoft Edge does not include identifiers or tokens with the domain.  If the service finds a suggestion, it returns the suggested URL.  Microsoft stores the incorrect domain, and suggested domain, to help improve the service.  To help you go to the correct sites, the feature is turned on by default.  To turn off the feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and under the **Services** turn off the **Suggest similar sites when a website can't be found** setting.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Support nonprofits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support nonprofits

```
convention plus good for durability/robustness

> Microsoft Edge allows you to support nonprofit organizations using Microsoft Rewards points or cash while browsing. When you are signed in to Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft account and navigate to a nonprofit website, the support nonprofits icon will appear on the right-side of your address bar. You can then click this icon to donate to the nonprofit organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge allows you to support nonprofit organizations using Microsoft Rewards points or cash while browsing. When you are signed in to Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft account and navigate to a nonprofit website, the **Support nonprofits** icon appears on the right-side of your address bar. You can then click this icon to donate to the nonprofit organization.
```
present tense preferred per style guide
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/verbs#verb-tense

> ![Image of support nonprofits icon in address bar.](./media/support-nonprofit.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The 'Support nonprofits' icon in the address bar](./media/support-nonprofit.png)
```
The default / common for .pngs in this repo is a screenshot image, not a diagram, so no need to specify - 
wiki > Edge Dev Style Guide, probably covers this.

>  To control this feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn on or off the **Show opportunities to support causes and nonprofits you are care about** setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To control this feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn on or off the **Show opportunities to support causes and nonprofits you care about** setting.
```
per a UI check

> Supporting nonprofits is not available using **InPrivate** or **Guest** modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supporting nonprofits is not available when using **InPrivate** or **Guest** modes.
```
related:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Support nonprofits

Microsoft Edge allows you to support nonprofit organizations using Microsoft Rewards points or cash while browsing. When you are signed in to Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft account and navigate to a nonprofit website, the **Support nonprofits** icon appears on the right side of the Address bar. You can then click this icon to donate to the nonprofit organization.

![The 'Support nonprofits' icon in the address bar](./index-images/support-nonprofit.png)
 

>  To control this feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn on or off the **Show opportunities to support causes and nonprofits you care about** setting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To control this feature, go to `edge://settings/privacy` and turn on or off the **Show opportunities to support causes and nonprofits you care about** setting.
```
